## README

Currently three separate, independent codes. Eventually they will be merged.
These are really the three pieces that are necessary to get everything in place.

---

First is the gameplay code. This is cards/players/rules/etc. Normal python code.
 As far as I can tell, best implementation strategy is to have rules handled independently
 by each contract, and each contract as its own python class.
 The contracts should all have identical function names, i.e. a C++ virtual class-like
 implementation. That way there's no need to have contract-dependent clauses in the
 main gameplay code, or for every card in the deck. When a round is complete,
 contract class does scoring and passes results back to players before going to garbage collection.

Second is interface. This uses the curses package to allow for more fine-tuned control
 of screen printout. I wanted to avoid scrolling text printouts. 
 I've implemented a message board-like feature with this for practice.
 Eventually, this will handle all of the command-line stuff for actually playing the game.
 This also allows for colors, so I can make a super gaudy welcome animation with ascii art.

Third is communication. This is handled by pyro. This is a server that all the independent
 python processes for each player need to connect to to communicate with each other.

---

Basic idea is to connect everyone to same ssh server. When they connect, python
 process starts which connects to pyro server. Pyro server does message passing between
 processes, including external text messages between players as well as internal messaging
 to control gameplay.

Hosting I'll eventually do on my Raspberry Pi, depending on whether it's fast enough to handle
 this. If not, I'll see about setting up a dummy account on my desktop that only has enough
 privilege to run this python script.

---

Since this was a more detailed description, I'll repeat it here:

The server and clients I've classified as communication, which I
envision to be the "nuts and bolts", if I use your language. Pyro is
meant to handle function calls from other processes, so there would be
a "server" process that has ownership of all of the classes and class
functions. The "clients" would be the processes controlled by each
player, which defer to the server under the hood when they want to do
anything. That way we don't have each of the processes trying to talk
to all the other processes at once.

The "interface" directory is all of the front-end stuff. This is how
the user interacts with their own client process through text input,
and handles printing information to the screen (I'm imagining some
sort of chat box, a list of the cards in play and in hand, a game log
of some sort, and a short reference of basic commands). So the
interface takes the user commands and translates them into client
function calls with either wrapper functions or direct function calls.

Don't read into the name of "framework.py". I just wanted a parent
process that I could test with. This will eventually be the process
that stitches the three pieces together. It will create the server
process (if it doesn't already exist), then create the player process,
then do all of the registering via pyro such that the two processes
can talk to each other. Then it goes to the curses idle loop, which is
what the player will see as the basic game screen.

